Update and clarify some fields (#4092)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/dev/new_check_howto.md

| `metric_to_check`    | String          | Optional           | The presence of this metric determines if this integration is working properly. If this metric is not being reported when this integration is installed, the integration is marked as broken in the Datadog application. |
| `metric_prefix`      | String          | Optional           | The namespace for this integration's metrics. Every metric reported by this integration will be prepended with this value.                                                                                               |
| `process_signatures` | Array of String | Optional           | A list of signatures that matches the command line of this integration.                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `assets`       | Array | Mandatory          | Relative location of where certain asset files live and their name.                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: All those are not arrays but dictionaries, right?

Author: Correct, updated

> | `assets`       | Dictionary | Mandatory          | Relative location of where certain asset files live and their name.                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `assets`       | Dictionary | Mandatory          | Relative location of where certain asset files live and their respective names.                                                                                                                                             |
```

| `assets`-> `dashboards`       | Dictionary | Mandatory          | Dictionary where the key is the name of the dashboard (must be globally unique across integrations) and the value is the relative file path where the dashbaord definition lives.                                                                                                      |

> | `assets`-> `monitors`       | Dictionary | Mandatory          | Dictionary where the key is thename of the monitor (must be globally unique across integrations) and the value is the relative file path where the dashbaord definition lives.                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `assets`-> `monitors`       | Dictionary | Mandatory          | Dictionary where the key is the name of the monitor (must be globally unique across integrations) and the value is the relative file path where the dashboard definition lives.                                                                                                                                              |
```

| `per_unit_name` | Optional           | If there is a unit sub-division, i.e `request per second`                                                                                                                       |
| `description`   | Optional           | Description of the metric.                                                                                                                                                      |
| `orientation`   | Mandatory          | Set to `1` if the metric should go up, i.e `myapp.turnover`. Set to `0` if the metric variations are irrelevant. Set to `-1` if the metric should go down, i.e `myapp.latency`. |

> | `integration`   | Mandatory          | Name of the integration that emits the metric. Must be the normalzied version of the `display_name` from the `manifest.json` file. Any character besides letters, underscores, dashes and numbers are converted to underscores. E.g. `Openstack Controller` -> `openstack_controller`and `ASP.NET` -> `asp_net` and `CRI-o` -> `cri-o`.                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ❤️

> | `integration`   | Mandatory          | Name of the integration that emits the metric. Must be the normalzied version of the `display_name` from the `manifest.json` file. Any character besides letters, underscores, dashes and numbers are converted to underscores. E.g. `Openstack Controller` -> `openstack_controller`and `ASP.NET` -> `asp_net` and `CRI-o` -> `cri-o`.                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `integration`   | Mandatory          | Name of the integration that emits the metric. Must be the normalized version of the `display_name` from the `manifest.json` file. Any character besides letters, underscores, dashes and numbers are converted to underscores. E.g. `Openstack Controller` -> `openstack_controller`and `ASP.NET` -> `asp_net` and `CRI-o` -> `cri-o`.                                                                                                                                |
```

| Attribute       | Description                                                                                                              |
| ----            | ----                                                                                                                     |
| `agent_version` | Minimum Agent version supported.                                                                                         |

> | `integration`   | The name of the integration that emits this service check. Must be the `display_name` from the manifest.json.                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: Does that mean we should use the display_name directly, or it's escaped version like in `metadata.csv`?

Author: Display_name directly for now.

Author: added `non normalized`

> | `integration`   | The name of the integration that emits this service check. Must be the non normalized `display_name` from the manifest.json.                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `integration`   | The name of the integration that emits this service check. Must be the non-normalized `display_name` from `manifest.json`.                                                                                                      |
```

| `check`         | Name of the Service Check. It must be unique.                                                                            |
| `statuses`      | List of different status of the check, to choose among `ok`, `warning`, and `critical`. `unknown` is also a possibility. |
| `groups`        | [Tags][14] sent with the Service Check.                                                                                  |

> | `name`          | Displayed name of the Service Check. The displayed name must be unique across all integrations and self-explanatory.                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `name`          | Displayed name of the Service Check. The displayed name must be self-explanatory and unique across all integrations.                             |
```

![snapshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/awesome/images/snapshot.png)
```

> The `logos` folder, under the `assets` folder, must contain **three** images with filenames and sizes that match the following specifications _exactly_. Underneath each specification is a list of places where the images may appear in the web app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `assets/logos/` directory must contain **three** images with filenames and sizes that match the following specifications _exactly_. Underneath each specification is a list of places where the images may appear in the web app.
```
